hello friends welcome here
to the tank simulator 15
you do not have to be a clairvoyant around
here to see that here this device
has nothing to do with dvds
but not everything he won 70 years ago
Russia about Nazi Germany woman so
The bales always film so fast
on the occasion of the victory as I said 70
years Russia left over Nazi
Germany's here this ptr 80
Russian transport toned conditional
from in russia must confess honestly
the model is so bad I have to
say the light is also there
friends
we do not have a horn or blinkers
inside friends we do not have us
have these tours under
quotation marks view the ball yet
can shoot again found too
not that is maybe prettier
driving behavior is htcs of evil but it
Yes, it's about the victory like here
said from russia about
Nazi Germany and for 15 minutes fun
right in any case that was it
again it does not give us anything
This device is emotionally consistent
show we are now only very briefly
look into the block error here
does claude resources really like that?
tragic otherwise there was no mistake and
shop.com would look here
propose under marks mazda stands ppr
and costs 20,000 euros and 66 ps so
that definitely comes before
treat yourself if you like that and something like that
also want to be a profession as I said the
Lok error is definitely not that
problem
that's about it again says
thank you for seeing and this
immediately in the app store again
bye bye